README.md, before:

# Tokimons with MERN

An assignment that was given during one of my software engineering courses.
I like the idea of having a target model (in this case "Tokimons") and building
a CRUD app around it. This was derived from my earlier iteration of it using only
server side rendering with EJS and Express.

Link to app: https://mern-tokimons.herokuapp.com/

## Features

- Add a Tokimon to the database
- Display all your Tokimons
- Show information about a specific Tokimon
- Update a Tokimon's information
- Delete a Tokimon

### Additional Features

- User login with JWTs (access and refresh tokens)
- Match a Tokimon's highest attribute with a color
- Display a chart of a Tokimon's attributes
- Search for Tokimons with names

## Deployment

This app was deployed via Docker and Heroku. The React app was bundled up and the `index.html` file is being served by the Express server. To setup up and deploy the app:

```bash
cd server
# Create production build
npm run build:prod

# Build docker image
docker build -t tokimons-app .

# Login to container registry
heroku container:login

# Create a Heroku app
heroku create

# Push to the container registry
heroku container:push web

# Deploy the container to your Heroku app
heroku container:release web

# Open it in your browser
heroku open
```

## Built with

- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) - stores Tokimon and user information
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/) - backend framework
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - frontend framework for a reactive SPA
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - runs the backend server
- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - superset of JS that provides types
- [JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io/) - "sessionless" auth with access and refresh tokens
- [Chart.js](https://www.chartjs.org/docs/latest/) - generates bar graphs of our Tokimon type levels
- [Formik](https://formik.org/) - frontend package that helps with validation
- [React Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/) - frontend package that comes with pretty components
- [Yup](https://github.com/jquense/yup) - simple validator that runs with Formik

Commit message:

docs: update readme with heroku env info

README.md, after:

# Tokimons with MERN

An assignment that was given during one of my software engineering courses.
I thought it was a good practice exercise for a CRUD app and liked the concepts of "Tokimons".
This was derived from my earlier iteration of it using only
server side rendering with EJS and Express.

Link to app: https://mern-tokimons.herokuapp.com/

## Features

- Add a Tokimon to the database
- Display all your Tokimons
- Show information about a specific Tokimon
- Update a Tokimon's information
- Delete a Tokimon

### Additional Features

- User login with JWTs (access and refresh tokens)
- Match a Tokimon's highest attribute with a color
- Display a chart of a Tokimon's attributes
- Search for Tokimons with names

## Deployment

This app was deployed via Docker and Heroku. The React app was bundled up and the `index.html` file is being served by the Express server. To setup up and deploy the app:

```bash
cd server
# Create production build
npm run build:prod

# Build docker image
docker build -t tokimons-app .

# Login to container registry
heroku container:login

# Create a Heroku app
heroku create

# NOTE: Setup your env variables in your Heroku dashboard for the app

# Push to the container registry
heroku container:push web

# Deploy the container to your Heroku app
heroku container:release web

# Open it in your browser
heroku open
```

## Built with

- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) - stores Tokimon and user information
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/) - backend framework
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - frontend framework for a reactive SPA
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - runs the backend server
- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - superset of JS that provides types
- [JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io/) - "sessionless" auth with access and refresh tokens
- [Chart.js](https://www.chartjs.org/docs/latest/) - generates bar graphs of our Tokimon type levels
- [Formik](https://formik.org/) - frontend package that helps with validation
- [React Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/) - frontend package that comes with pretty components
- [Yup](https://github.com/jquense/yup) - simple validator that runs with Formik
